Starfighter 3000 clone

Participants:

Sebastian Parborg, sebpa892@student.liu.se

I will write a 3D person arcade action shoot that will be heavily
inspired by Starfighter 3000:

Acorn Archimedes version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omnpVCsDmng
3DO version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLXK8xubtic

The 3DO version is more advanced as it features destructible terrain and
also has more textured models (no single color faces anymore).  

I'm thinking about implementing what the 3DO version has to offer and
fall back to the Acorn version if it proves to be too tricky to
implement. However, I don't think there will be any problems.

Will do:

- Implement terrain that is destructible.
	In the original 3DO version, the terrain were much like the one we
	built in this course lab series. IE, it consisted of a grid of
	equally spaced triangles (if viewed from the top) and would "sink"
	/move down a bit when it got hit by weapons or other objects.

    There would be a ground level where you couldn't push the verts down
	any more.

	This meant that you could do fun stuff creating passageways through
	mountains that you normally would have to fly over.

- Basic polygon ships. Probably just a simple .obj loader for these

- Collision detection between objects and the terrain

- Projectiles.
	In the original game, no weapon was available that were a so called
	"hitscan" weapon. That is, no weapon hit instantaneously. So objects
	has to spawn that are used to simulate the trajectory of the weapon
	in question.

	As a "will do", probably only lasers will be implemented.

Might do:

- More non-ship objects
	Bridges, houses, pipelines and more stuff to blow up basically.

- Power-ups
	In the original game you got other types weapons by blowing stuff up
	and collecting "crystals" that spawned from the exploded objects.

	By collecting a certain combination of four of them you got extra
	points and new weapons.

- Enemy AI
	An AI that will actually try not to crash into things

- Mother ship
	At the beginning and end of a level you take off and dock with your
	mother ship. You can also resupply during missions on it. If the
	mother ship is destroyed, you lose. It has it's own weapons and is
	in some cases guarded by additional space ships.

- "Endless" rendering of the level
	The level wraps as a most of them are on planets (very small ones
	non the less...). In the 3DO and Acorn version, there was no obvious
	draw distance fog.

	However, in the PC, PS1 and Saturn versions it looked like this:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c_on2enBqo

	My goal is to have "LODs" like in the original so one gets the
	illusion of seeing the horizon. If one flew up high enough the
	sky would change color and stars could be seen. The ground below
	also deformed somewhat so the horizon would be curved and thus
	giving the player the illusion of seeing part of the planet's sphere.

- More weapon types
	Besides lasers and missiles, Starfighter 3000 had a lot of other
	crazy weapons. A notable example is a weapon that shoots solid laser
	beams that later forms a tornado.

- Random level generation

- Multiplayer

- Proper missions
	Missions that has more depth than just docking with the mother ship.

I hope this is enough.

Regards,

Sebastian Parborg
sebpa892
